PRODDOCS-712: Unit tests (#8764)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_unit-tests-prereqs.md

## Prerequisites

- We currently only support unit testing SQL models.
- We currently only support adding unit tests to models in your _current_ project.
- We currently _don't_ support unit testing models that use the [`materialized view`](/docs/build/materializations#materialized-view) materialization.
- We currently _don't_ support unit testing models that use recursive SQL.
- We currently _don't_ support unit testing models that use introspective queries.
- If your model has multiple versions, by default the unit test will run on *all* versions of your model. Read [unit testing versioned models](/reference/resource-properties/unit-testing-versions) for more information.
- Unit tests must be defined in a YML file in your [`models/` directory](/reference/project-configs/model-paths).
- Table names must be aliased in order to unit test `join` logic.
- Include all [`ref`](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/ref) or [`source`](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/source) model references in the unit test configuration as `input`s to avoid "node not found" errors during compilation.

> **Note:** Unit tests are discovered from your project’s `model-paths`. The `tests/` directory (`test-paths`) is reserved for singular and generic data tests (SQL), not for unit test YAML definitions.

Reviewer: do we think it's clear here teh model paths = model directory? we might want to be more explicit here?

> **Note:** Unit tests are discovered from your project’s `model-paths`. The `tests/` directory (`test-paths`) is reserved for singular and generic data tests (SQL), not for unit test YAML definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit tests are discovered from `model-paths`, so define them alongside your models in your `model/` directory &mdash;;  not in the `tests/` directory. The `tests/` directory is reserved for [data tests](link to data tests url) only.
```
